docs: add vs mcp workaround (#22536)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/migrating-from-previous-releases.md

Uno Platform 6.5 does not contain breaking changes that require attention when upgrading

> - Uno App MCP: if using Visual Studio 2022/2026, sometimes the Uno App MCP is missing. See [how to make the App MCP appear in Visual Studio](xref:Uno.UI.CommonIssues.AIAgents#the-app-mcp-does-not-appear-in-visual-studio).

Reviewer: For this section of the migrating steps, best to add it in a note I think

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
>  **Uno App MCP**: When using the latest versions of Visual Studio 2022/2026, sometimes the Uno App MCP does not appear in the Visual Studio tools list. See [how to make the Uno Platform App MCP appear in Visual Studio](xref:Uno.UI.CommonIssues.AIAgents#the-app-mcp-does-not-appear-in-visual-studio).
```
